Glast Heim Abyss (#7474)
rathena/rathena: npc/re/quests/quests_exp_175.txt

//===== rAthena Script =======================================
//= Quests EXP
//===== Description: =========================================
//= [Walkthrough Conversion]
//--- NPC quests related to new dungeons.
//===== Changelog: ===========================================
//= 1.0 Initial release of Glast Heim Abyss quests. [OptimusM]
//= 1.1 Corrections here and there. [Capuche]
//============================================================

glast_01,191,273,3	script	Magician Nillem#glabyss01	4_M_JOB_WIZARD,{
	if (BaseLevel < 175) {
		mes "[Nillem]";
		mes "What are you doing here?";
		mes "That's right, I'm waiting for a strong adventurer to satisfy my curiosity!";
		next;
		mes "[Nillem]";
		mes "If you reach level 175, you will be my destined opponent-☆";
		close;
	}
	mes "[Nillem]";
	mes "I think I've made a great discovery, so why don't you come with me?";
	next;

> 	switch( select( "Let's go!", "Please explain it.", "What I found", "Refuse." )) {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	switch( select( "Let's go!", "Please explain it.", "What I found.", "Refuse." )) {
```

	case 1:
		mes "[Nillem]";
		mes "This is my bae!";

> 		mes "You're gonna jump into the abyss with me! I can't help But L-O-V-E you.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		mes "You're gonna jump into the abyss with me! I can't help but L-O-V-E you.";
```

		close2;
		warp "gl_cas01_",200,26;
		end;
	case 2:
		mes "[Nillem]";
		mes "As you know, I'm a good court wizard, right?";

> 		mes "A genius wizard who can do this and that on dimension!";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		mes "A genius wizard who can do this and that in any dimension!";
```

		next;
		mes "[Nillem]";

> 		mes "There was a report of strange magical power near central castle of Glast Heim.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		mes "There was a report of strange magical power near the central castle of Glast Heim.";
```

		mes "I came here to investigate and found it.";
		next;
		mes "[Nillem]";

> 		mes "A week crack of dimension!";
> 		mes "You know, this genius wizard is good at connecting the crack of dimensions.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		mes "A weak dimensional crack!";
		mes "You know, this genius wizard is good at connecting cracks in dimensions.";
```

		next;
		mes "[Nillem]";
		mes "So I forced the connection and went in....";
		mes "A piece of time that has stopped in the flow.... Hmmm... It's so hard to explain..";
		next;
		mes "[Nillem]";
		mes "Anyway, the flood of creatures trapped for a long time came to me like waves!";
		next;
		mes "[Nillem]";

> 		mes "I almost D - i - e - d there.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		mes "I almost D - I - E - D there.";
```

		mes "So I'm looking for adventurers to join me on this expedition.";
		close;
	case 3:
		mes "[Nillem]";
		mes "Right, there's no mission here, but curiosity follows discovery!";

> 		mes "You noticed before I told you there were a few things I wanted to do with you, My - Darling -.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		mes "You noticed before I told you there were a few things I wanted to do with you, my - Darling -.";
```

		next;
		switch( select( "An Empty Thing", "A Thing with High Freezing Point", "A Thing Like A Mirror", "Well, I'm okay." )) {
		case 1:
			mes "[Nillem]";
			mes "Beyond the cracks of this dimension, there are Empty Things..";
			mes "^0000FFContaminated Raydric^000000 and ^0000FFContaminated Raydric Archer^000000...";
			mes "Contamination";
			next;
			mes "[Nillem]";
			mes "^0000FF20 Contaminated Raydrics^000000,";
			mes "^0000FF20 Contaminated Raydric Archers^000000!! Defeat them and come back. Then this genius wizard will study it.";
			mes "What do you think, bae?";
			next;
			if (select( "That's not hard.", "I'm busy." ) == 2) {
				mes "[Nillem]";
				mes "If you're busy, you can't help me.";
				mes "But honey, please help me when You - Have - Spare - Time - !";
				close;
			}
			switch( checkquest(8542,PLAYTIME) ) {
			case -1:
				break;
			case 0:
			case 1:
				mes "[Nillem]";

> 				mes "I asked you too much today, Sweetie.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				mes "I asked too much from you today, sweetie.";
```

				mes "Instead, you're sharing another new discovery tomorrow. O - K - A - Y -?";
				close;
			case 2:
				mes "^4d4dff - You can take this mission again. Speak to Mage Nillem once again to accept it. - ^000000";
				erasequest 8542;
				break;
			}
			switch( checkquest(8541,HUNTING) ) {
			case -1:
				mes "[Nillem]";
				mes "That's my baby!";
				mes "It's hard to see the impact there because of the strange magic.";

> 				mes "If you finish the quest, let's get out of there first And - Then Check - !";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				mes "If you finish the quest, let's get out of there first and - Then Check - !";
```

				setquest 8541;
				close;
			case 0:
			case 1:
				mes "[Nillem]";
				mes "^0000FF20 Contaminated Raydrics^000000,";
				mes "^0000FF20 Contaminated Raydric Archers^000000.";

> 				mes "Woo-hoo, aren't you excited about the effects of empty things?";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				mes "Woo-hoo, aren't you excited about the effects of Empty Things?";
```

				mes "Hmmm!!";
				mes "Haha, what a discovery of the century!";
				next;
				select( "What do you get?" );
				mes "[Nillem]";
				mes "It's hard to explain to you, but in short, You - Did - it - !!";
				mes "But this isn't enough, so please do it again tomorrow.";
				erasequest 8541;
				setquest 8542;
				getexp 8142552,5674080;
				close;
			}
			end;
		case 2:
			mes "[Nillem]";
			mes "There are things that have a high freezing point beyond the crack of this dimension.";
			mes "^0000FFFrozen Gargoyle^000000 and ^0000FFPrison Breaker^000000...";
			next;
			mes "[Nillem]";
			mes "^0000FF5 Frozen Gargoyles^000000,";
			mes "^0000FF5 Prison Breakers^000000!! Defeat them and come back. Then this genius wizard will study it.";
			mes "What do you think, bae?";
			next;
			if (select( "That's not hard.", "I'm busy." ) == 2) {
				mes "[Nillem]";
				mes "If you're busy, you can't help me.";
				mes "But honey, please help me when You - Have - Spare - Time - !";
				close;
			}
			switch( checkquest(8545,PLAYTIME) ) {
			case -1:
				break;
			case 0:
			case 1:
				mes "[Nillem]";

> 				mes "I asked you too much today, Sweetie.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				mes "I asked too much from you today, sweetie.";
```

				mes "Instead, you're sharing another new discovery tomorrow. O - K - A - Y -?";
				close;
			case 2:
				mes "^4d4dff - You can take this mission again. Speak to Mage Nillem once again to accept it. - ^000000";
				erasequest 8545;
				break;
			}
			switch( checkquest(8544,HUNTING) ) {
			case -1:
				mes "[Nillem]";
				mes "That's my baby!";
				mes "It's hard to see the impact there because of the strange magic.";

> 				mes "If you finish the quest, let's get out of there first And - Then Check - !";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				mes "If you finish the quest, let's get out of there first and - Then Check - !";
```

				mes "Hmmm!!";
				mes "Haha, what a discovery of the century!";
				next;
				select( "What do you get?" );
				mes "[Nillem]";
				mes "It's hard to explain to you, but in short, You - Did - it - !!";
				mes "But this isn't enough, so please do it again tomorrow.";
				erasequest 8544;
				setquest 8545;
				getexp 2036754,1425726;
				close;
			}
			end;
		case 3:
			mes "[Nillem]";
			mes "Beyond the crack of this dimension, there are mirrors of each other.";
			mes "^0000FFIce Ghost^000000 and ^0000FFFlame Ghost^000000...";
			mes "It looks completely different, but the crack of dimensions is very unknown.";
			next;
			mes "[Nillem]";
			mes "^0000FF10 Ice Ghosts^000000,";
			mes "^0000FF10 Flame Ghosts^000000!! Defeat them and come back. Then this genius wizard will study it.";
			mes "What do you think, bae?";
			next;
			if (select( "That's not hard.", "I'm busy." ) == 2) {
				mes "[Nillem]";
				mes "If you're busy, you can't help me.";
				mes "But honey, please help me when You - Have - Spare - Time - !";
				close;
			}
			switch( checkquest(8548,PLAYTIME) ) {
			case -1:
				break;
			case 0:
			case 1:
				mes "[Nillem]";

> 				mes "I asked you too much today, Sweetie.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				mes "I asked too much from you today, sweetie.";
```

				mes "Instead, you're sharing another new discovery tomorrow. O - K - A - Y -?";
				close;
			case 2:
				mes "^4d4dff - You can take this mission again. Speak to Mage Nillem once again to accept it. - ^000000";
				erasequest 8548;
				break;
			}
			switch( checkquest(8547,HUNTING) ) {
			case -1:
				mes "[Nillem]";
				mes "That's my baby!";
				mes "It's hard to see the impact there because of the strange magic.";

> 				mes "If you finish the quest, let's get out of there first And - Then Check - !";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				mes "If you finish the quest, let's get out of there first and - Then Check - !";
```
